Xiaohong, are you alright?
It's my fault for not being careful
Almost put 3,000 yuan a bottle of red wine
It fell on your 20 yuan a piece of clothing.
Stained the red wine
Xiaoli, what do you say?
Xiaohong is my classmate after all
What is a mere bottle of red wine?
Hey, look at my mouth, it should be beaten
Since it's time to fight, I'm welcome
You dare to hit me what are you doing
Didn't you see it?
Didn't you see that you humiliated me just now?
Are you blind?
Beating a dog depends on the owner
I am now the owner of Canhui Hotel
You hit him in my face
That's hitting me in the eye.
You are not a good thing either
You are arrogant, you are crazy
You're driving me nuts.
I came here today to ask you
You are my classmate
I consider you my best friend
Why did you lie to me?
What do you mean?
You are not Su Mingzhe and Zhou Wen at all
May's daughter
You are not Su Qing